Gathering Requirements and Information
During our session with Travel Expert Agency, we delved into an in-depth discussion
regarding their organizational hurdles and overarching objectives. It became evident that their primary
need revolved around establishing a robust database infrastructure capable of securely managing and
organizing vast arrays of data sourced from customers, suppliers, and internal operations. The emphasis
was not solely on data storage but on ensuring the seamless functionality and efficiency of the database
system. To comprehensively address their requirements, we meticulously gathered pertinent details
encompassing software preferences, financial constraints, and hardware specifications. Furthermore, TEA
elucidated their corporate aspirations, underscoring the importance of aligning technological solutions
with their overarching business goals. With a clear understanding of their needs and aspirations, it was
revealed that TEA had allocated a budget of 500k towards realizing their database objectives.
1.1 Out Of Scope
● Organizing the data from customers
● Updating hardware, software, network and database (upgrading or downgrading)
● Relocating the server
● Altering the database and network in anyway
● Defining and implementing complex business rules and logic is generally beyond the scope of
database development.
● Entering the data ourselves
● Implementing a business strategy to the travel agency
● Handle the finance side of the business

1.2 In Scope
● Acquiring resources required to build a database.
● Planning and Scaling of the Database
● Implement high security into the database to store sensitive Data
● Developing an interface that is easy to interact with
● Make entering data efficient and accurate
● Configuring the Database to connecting into the server
● Train the agents on how to enter and store data using oracle
● Train the manager on how to create a monthly audit report
● Train the Owner to monitor all sales, budgets and other finances
● Train the manager how to monitor the monthly sales of the agents
● Provide a soft launch
● Will troubleshoot any bugs and/or defects
● Will Declare the official launch of the database

2

1.3 Requirements
1.3.1 Objectives
1. To create an easy and accessible database while being efficient and accurate.
2. To have major security set in the database including encryption and unique passwords
implemented.
3. Give the clients a smooth, secure and convenient way to book.
4. Ensure data security, Integrity and reduce redundancy all through out the database.
5. Provide incremental small and big file backup plans including cold and hot backups.
6. Create a way For other users to connect to the same server.

1.3.2 Requirements
1. Easy to input (M)
A.) For a more efficient and accurate flow of work
2. Centralized Database (M)
A.) In order for it to be centralized, the database has to be in a centralized drive (X:) which
everyone has the access to.
3. Owner needs monthly report (M)
A.) Owner will need a monthly report on all the expenses, profits and sales
4. Tracking how much money agent brings (M)
A.) Needs to track the sales of the agents so they will be fairly compensated
5. Tracking payments (installments) (M)
A.) For all financings, it will need to be tracked of how much money is initially paid, the deposits
and the final payment. All these will include the date.
6. Will need a better and more efficient way to communicate with the suppliers (M)
A.) Communicating through the phone is not efficient enough. Perhaps Email? Fax?
7. Will need an online website (M)
A.) Online booking will minimize work for the agent and will keep the cost low, since the
customer is booking it themselves
8. Be able to create a Customer Account (W)
A.) Having Customer Accounts will be easier for both agent and customer side to monitor and
manage the specific booking.

3
1.3.3 Technical Infrastructure Requirements
● Server (TBD)
○ Still deciding between On-Prem or Cloud based servers
● Hard-wired and wireless network to connect to the internet
○ Preferably optic fiber connection for the maximum bandwidth
● Licenses to operate a database
○ Oracle DB
● Separate server to store the backup and recovery data
○ Separate Server is needed just in case a data breach or leak occurs
● Custom built office PC
○ Easily scalable for the work environment’s needs
● Operating System
○ Latest version of Windows
● Database Management System
○ OracleDB
● Backup Power Supply. (W)
○ In case power goes out, the company won't lose all unsaved data

1.3.4 Data Requirements
● Data Growth Expectation
○ Estimate the expected growth of data over time. Consider factors like the increase in the
number of records or the expansion of data fields.

● Data Security
○ A login will be mandatory, and data encryption to prevent leaks and breaches.
● Disaster Recovery and Redundancy
○ Plan for disaster recovery by defining data redundancy and failover strategies.
● Data Archiving and Purging
○ Specify criteria for moving data to archival storage or permanently deleting it.
● Secure Data Transfer
○ Able to Load all existing data into the database securely.
● Incremental Backup
○ Plan and schedule Incremental backups and specify whether it is a cold or hot backup.

4

1.3.5 Budget
1.) Project initiation (1 week) $20,000
2.) Gathering Requirements (1 week) $20,000
3.) Database Design (2 weeks) $80,000
4.) Database Backup and Recovery (1 week) $20,000
5.) Development (2 weeks) $100,000
6.) Documentation (1 week) $30,000
7.) Testing and QA (2 weeks) $120,000
8.) Deployment (1 week) $50,000
9.) Project Closure (1 week) $20,000
10.)Post-implementation review (2 weeks) $20,000
11.)Contingency ($40,000)
Total: $500,000